[main]
host = https://www.transifex.com

[habitatos.main]
file_filter = habitat/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.drag_and_drop]
file_filter = habitat/drag_and_drop/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/drag_and_drop/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.light]
file_filter = habitat/building/light/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/building/light/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.sensors]
file_filter = habitat/building/sensors/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/building/sensors/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.modules]
file_filter = habitat/building/modules/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/building/modules/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.biolab]
file_filter = habitat/building/biolab/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/building/biolab/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.education]
file_filter = habitat/science/education/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/science/education/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.medicine]
file_filter = habitat/science/medicine/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/science/medicine/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.psychology]
file_filter = habitat/science/psychology/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/science/psychology/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.inventory]
file_filter = habitat/systems/inventory/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/systems/inventory/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.reporting]
file_filter = habitat/systems/reporting/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/systems/reporting/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.food]
file_filter = habitat/systems/food/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/systems/food/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO

[habitatos.communication]
file_filter = habitat/systems/communication/locale/<lang>/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_file = habitat/systems/communication/locale/en/LC_MESSAGES/django.po
source_lang = en
type = PO
